Is the company where you make trouble?
Mi Hyun
Are you all right?
I'm fine, thank you Mr. Li
As long as you slander Mingwei in front of Li Beixian
I'll give you what you want.
Mr. Li, Mr. Li
You are finally here.
Because of this bitch
In order to destroy the relationship between you and Miss Song
Deliberately let me take a long walk to ruin your image
That caused our company's stock price to plummet
Mr. Li should be fired immediately
I didn't break up because he cheated on me
He did it to get back at me.
Promise to be his lover
You want me to do something?
I have asked someone to check this matter.
Before the truth comes out
The company will not meet any good people
But again
I will not let go of any malicious spread
rumor person
Make a wish to notify
If you make trouble today, you will be fired.
Especially this guy
Don't fire me
I know wrong
I'm still making money from this
Mr. Li, Mr. Li
Don't fire
Come with me!
Wei Xian
Since Hyun is not fired, I still ignore me for him
Yingfei, wait for me